+++
title = "March 27, 2020"
date = "2020-03-27T00:00:00+00:00"
draft = false
+++

**08:00 AM**

I miss her, a lot. I had texted her yesterday night. She replied.
I replied again today morning and switched off the internet.
Hopefully she'll reply and see that it hasn't been delivered for so long.
I hope she'll see that and text me back. I hope she'll call to check on me.

I hate this feeling. Tears flowing down my eyes all the time.
I've no interest in eating or doing anything.

I hope she's fine. I wish she's fine. May God give her all the happiness in this world and fulfil all
her wishes.

I'm just lying on my bed, waiting for my death. I'll never be able to be with anyone ever again probably.
For her I did so many things. I had such a bad patch with my parents also. I was physically hit and what not.

I blame myself for it, not her. It was my mistake. It was all my fault.

They're calling me for breakfast but who'll tell them that I've no hunger, I've no mood to eat,
I've no wish to be alive. I'm better off dead. The faster I go away the better it is.

**08:46 AM**

**09:10 AM**

I had breakfast. They asked me to be social, be there with the family and smile.
Little do they know the storm in my life. Little do they know how much it affects me.

```
They say it takes a while to get adjusted.
But I know they're all lying.

Because

Does anyone know how much time it takes to
regain a piece of myself lost forever?
```

```
He was the architect of his own destruction.
```

I am tired. I wanna switch on my mobile phone and see if she has replied.
I really want to talk to her. I'm done. I really want to call her up and
talk to her. I wish I get Corona and without infecting anyone I want to just
pass away.

It's all funny because I look strong, I look non emotional yet I am so weak,
I'm so broken.

```
A broken soul yet so strong that it continues to live on.
```

I'll hopefully get busy with work now and not think much about it.
I wish I could totally forget it but how can anyone forget such wonderful
memories. It was the best life gave me ever.

**09:41 AM**

**10:22 AM**

I am in a miserable state. Feels like I'm stuck in a foreign land with no one to
talk to. No one around me. No one there for me. I feel lonely. I feel alone.
I am on the verge of giving up and switching on my internet.

```
A lot of people were there for me but it wasn't enough.
```

I seek love only from a very few people and if they're there I'm happy. I've no reason to be sad.
My biggest reason for happiness isn't with me now. I caused this on myself.
I think I should switch on my phone and see if she has replied. I'm gonna do that.

**10:28 AM**

**11:21 AM**

She had replied after a long time though. I just asked if she had breakfast and switched off my internet.
I'm broken, I'm waiting for her to just call me up and see if I'm fine. She probably loves me or maybe
not. I'm not sure at all.

I've all the tendencies to suicide. I just am saving myself because I'm not allowed to kill myself.
If the consequences in the hereafter weren't so bad I would have taken my life long ago.
I've no wish to live.

She made me promise I'll never leave her, I ended up breaking the promise.
I'm the worse of all who've loved.
I was an obsessive, liar, freak and everything bad you can think of.
I'm up for no good in this world. I've no reason to stay.
Please take me up and throw me away to a place far far away.

**11:27 AM**
